[Music]
it's currently eight o'clock
blakely and i are just each reading some
essays for theatricals which we're cool
reading and then we're going to go into
critical reading like extra reading if
we have time i've got this one and then
another one
i'm nine pages in hopefully i'm going to
finish these both by 8 30 because that's
when we're heading
out so please do enjoy this very
dramatic music as i'm studying
one of my very favorite songs to put a
study with me to
is hall of the mountain king i don't
know why i love it so much but there's
something so intensely
incredibly dramatic about it that it's
so fun to watch so i went through and
read two of these critical readings i
think one of them was 20 pages and the
other one was maybe 15 and then i just
wrote up all of the notes into notion
[Music]
so
we're gonna go try study in waterstones
cafe for the first time so first like
study dates oh this is so exciting
today we went out to waterstones to
study as you can see
and this was our first time going into
a cafe like inside and
it was really really lovely we went in
the morning so it wasn't very busy
and we got tea and we just had a really
productive study session
hey we're at woodstones yay
and um yeah literally look at the seat
look at that
[Music]
he's
then afterwards we let ourselves walk
around waterstones for bed and we told
ourselves that we were
allowed to each buy one book because
every single time we go to waterstones
we don't end up actually buying a book
because
books are expensive and so today we said
if we're really productive and we study
a lot then we can
each buy a book
officially found the nicest book cover
in this section
how gorgeous and you can like feel it
it's like
oh i've got the most lovely feel so
beautiful oh my gosh like
but we checked out like the um the plot
seems quite confusing
and so i kind of want to read it just
because the club is gorgeous yeah
exactly
just display it they're both getting the
same
book for lunch we had
nachos quote unquote and it was very
good
so then the whole of the afternoon we
were actually doing seminar work
together because
we have an asynchronous seminar every
monday from
1 30 till 4 and so so we just were
posting on the forum for two and a half
hours it was
a really great discussion
then i went up to my room and i posted
my newest video
i just did finishing edits on this video
and posted it
then we made some banana bread this is
what it looked like it was actually
absolutely amazing and we just had
leftovers for dinner because today have
been quite hectic
then after dinner we made some tea and
we
listened to a talk which our lecturer
put up
it was only half an hour we take notes
on it
yes that's pretty much everything i did
today i had some banana bread up in my
room
uh whilst i was watching some youtube
which was really nice this banana bread
honestly i cannot tell you how good it
was
and we just used like leftovers to make
it anyway thank you so much for watching
this video i hope you enjoyed it and i
hope that you have a productive week
[Music]
you